Hi, guys.
In this lesson, we're going to have a look at some of the different options for easy to auto scaling
policies.
So the first one I'm going to cover is the target tracking SkyTeam policy.
This is one of the dynamics guiding policies.
So in this case, you can see that we have an auto scanning group and within that auto scanning group,
we have four instances.
Now we're using this metric the ESG average CPU utilization, and it's specified as 60.
Now we have a variety of different metrics being reported here, but the average is over 60.
It's actually seventy one point five.
So that means that off the cloud watchers reported this information.
The auto scanning group will know that it needs to add an instance to try and get that average CPU utilization
back to 60 percent or under.
Now remember the instance metrics are not counted until the warm up time has expired.
When using target tracking, IWC recommends scaling of metrics with a one minute frequency.
We then have another dynamic scaling policy.
This is simple scaling with simple scaling.
The auto scaling group has an alarm set to some metrics like CPU, in this case greater than or equal
to 60 percent.
Now, let's say the auto scaling group is reporting that the average CPU is 70 percent.
Then the alarm goes off and auto scaling responds by launching two instances into the auto scanning
group.
It will then wait 300 seconds before allowing another scaling activity, and then things start again.
Then we have the dynamic scaling policy called step scaling.
In this case, the auto scaling group has an alarm set to CPU greater than or equal to 60 percent.
The CPU metrics are reporting the aggregate usage of 70 percent, so the alarm goes off and launches
to see two instances so very much like before.
But what if the alarm breach is greater?
So now we can have a threshold that says that if the alarm breach is greater, like it's 80 percent
rather than 70 launch for instances.
So we know the size of the alarm breach is going to determine how many EC2 instances are launched.
Next, we have scheduled scaling with scheduled scaling.
We can define a time at which the auto scaling group is going to scale and how many instances we want
it to scale by, and the auto scaling group will launch those instances.
Now you often see exam questions that say that there's been a big slowdown in an application when F1
logs on at 9am in the morning.
So what could you do?
Well, we know when the demand is coming, so why not schedule the shining policy to add some instances
845?
And that gives them time to come into operation.
And then when F1 logs in at work at 9am, then there's not going to be so much of a slowdown or none
at all, hopefully when we define our schedule scaling policy.
We need to specify the desired the men and the max instances, the desired attempts to maintain the
desired count.
So here we might specify.
15.
It's going to try and make sure that 15 instances are running.
The minimum instances is the minimum that can ever run.
We don't ever want to go below this amount, and the maximum is the absolute max.
So you won't get a scale out past 25 instances and you can see then we have a recurrence of every day
and a start time of and we have a date and then we have a specific time.
So those are the key scaling policies that come up in the exam.
You may see predictive scaling and that's we'll see in the console.
And what it is is it's a way that IWC is able to predict what's going to happen and then actually launch
instances at the right times based on prior event history.
So that's it for the ferry.
Let's get back sort of hands on and see how we can allow Stickley scale our application.